I am the spirit that many people envy
Mother Rhino
I am 30 years old.
For me
Happiness is like clear water
It keeps flowing into my life
My parents are famous entrepreneurs in this world
Gave me the life of a princess since I was a child
My husband is the best gift God has given me.
He is an excellent personal doctor
His presence has made my world a better place
He holds up a carefree sky for me
He was always so warm and caring
Give me the best company
It makes me very happy.
But
It was me who broke this happy family
It's my body.
Wife should take medicine
Why are you back?
The hospital is fine
Don't I miss you?
Come back to see you
You go answer the phone
You go, I'll eat by myself
Sick for so long
Husband still treats me well
Too bad my body
Taking medicine for so long
Forget it, it's okay to eat less once.
The dose has to be increased this time
I want him to